Having finished most of the major units, I believe I am well-equipped to work on a project that gives me the chance to be better prepared for the industry. However, I realise that there is much to learn yet. I hope to utilise this opportunity to not only make the best use of my strengths but also identify my weaknesses and start working on them. One such example would be familiarising myself with GitHub since this project is more about collaboration than anything else. Familiarising myself with GitHub will be a huge learning curve as going forward irrespective of where I work, I realise that this will be the platform used to integrate code developed by fellow colleagues.

Coming to my strengths and contributions to the project, I would bring to the table my skills in python and ML as well as data analysis that would help me understand the data and accordingly be able to build models tailored to the client’s needs which deliver optimum results and are easy to interpret. Irrespective of the "issues" raised on Git and who it is assigned to, I would like to work on multiple models and review their code (as they would mine) to be able to increase my comfort in ML and be able to bounce off ideas with my teammates about what else could be done to further fine tune our models. My communication and written skills will also come in handy while documenting our findings and processes and writing the final report.

Lastly, but most importantly this project does not only test our skills but challenges us in terms of collaboration. All my teammates, both the entire group and the subgroup that I work in, seem very knowledgeable and have been very warm and welcoming. Irrespective of work, background, location, and personal commitments each of us have, we seem to adjust our routines and come together to work as a team helping each other out whenever and wherever required. I look forward to working with them and learning from them as much as possible as well as share as much as I can.
