# Individual Reflection:

I am working in a team of six members with an objective to apply  Machine Learning to predict hearing loss using Wideband Absorbance data. we have nominated a team leader who built a git repository for this team in such way that everyone can contribute to the project devlopment.I think that good teamwork is the key to success in project activities when time and resources are limited. As everyone had their own point of view, many different ideas could be produced, and I found the energy of group participation made me feel more energetic about contributing something. It is an exiting working environment from where i will able to develop skill releted software development. At the inception of the project development, i work with the features selection, data type selection of the Wideband Absorbance data at on Phase 1 .

Each team member might have a different set of skills they can bring to the planed weekly meeting. i found very it very improtant to take part in meeting discussion and take relevent notes to my designated jobs.I will try to solve raised Issues on GitHub for tasks that need to be accomplished to allow the other members to easily identify their activities. I will use python and machine learing skill to the project advancement.Group work on a projects help me to work on my communication  and conflict management skills. These are required in group work projects include speaking in turn, speaking up when I have ideas, actively listening to other team members’ contributions, and crucially making compromises for the good of the team.

I strongly believe that i am a flexible in nature. i am interested in development of a effective machine learning tools with efficient coding which in turn can bring an breakthrough in medical diagnosis for Ear treatment.
