I have worked closely with the team on the wideband tympanometry project, and all my team members have been very accommodating for me to join meetings virtually and communicate with them over Teams. Our team leader, Daniel, has been delegating tasks on GitHub and each of us could track what we need to do and review each other’s work. There is weekly meeting scheduled and I am able to join virtually and contribute.

After our team discussions and meeting with the client, our team has developed a better understanding for the dataset and what we need to do. The aim of this project is to identify a machine learning tool that could automatically detect ears with conduction conditions and more importantly, improve accuracy from the current method of ROC curve.

We were divided into subgroups and my group worked on drafting the proposal. I have worked on the aim, background and value proposition. We had team meetings within our sub team and finalized the proposal draft for the other group to review. I now am clear with what exactly we need to deliver and what models we will be testing to find the best model. I have completed the machine learning unit, which I believe it will be very helpful in modelling the WBT data to improve accuracy in detecting abnormal ears. Same to other team members, I will work on one of the models we have decided and compare results with the ROC results and other models. As we have outlined in the proposal, we will ensure interpretability of our deliverables and machine learning model. This is what I want to focus in our final report, where I could explain the modelling process and the results in a non-technical way. I have enjoyed project and working with my team member so far, very looking froward to the next phase of our project.
